New Features for AWSOM Pixgallery 4.7.X

NEW FEATURES/BUG FIXES:

1) Added in RSS function. This new function optionally lets you have RSS feeds for all of your galleries. You can have the user go directly to the image, or to the page that displays the image on your site. You can also add the image into the feed itself, or have it only add a link.

2) Added the ability to output your image tags as header keywords, this might help search engines better catalog your images/galleries.

3) Added an option to have the image click move the user to the next image in the gallery, as opposed to viewing the full size image.

4) Added a new icon option to subgalleries in the thumbnail view to make it easier to tell that they aren't images.

5) Added new "Advanced" debug mode for admins, now in addition to seeing extra information you can actually edit some image/gallery data directly from the thumbnail view and submit one giant mass edit. 

6) Added SEO title option. Now you can have the name of the image or gallery you are viewing added into the WordPress title for that page. You can have just the name of the current object, or the path to the object added. (see known issue below)

7) Fixed some minor bugs, cleaned up a few admin texts to make things clearer.

8) Added new Plugin option to turn off Admin level scanning of images--this setting is useful to eliminate some plugin conflicts (most notably with Yet Another Related Posts Plugin).

9) Added a "Universal Image Text" option (administered through the Pixgallery Image Captions Admin page) that displays text automatically for all images when viewed individually (good for adding copyright statements or other usage text)

10) Added option to integrate with the "Share This" plugin so images and galleries correctly get the Share This link.

To get support, find the latest release version of this mod, or report a bug please visit AWSOM.org or Harknell.com

KNOWN ISSUES:


1) Due to a change in WordPress 2.6 in regard to default "uploads" folder path settings and other path related changes the Default gallery path that
Pixgallery creates has now been set to simply be "/wp-content/uploads/awsompixgallery/" at plugin activation time. It would have been a real pain
to actually try to determine where this had been moved to (if it had) as well as compensate in other areas of the code. If you have moved your
default wp-content location you will need to edit this through the Manage Pixgallery Galleries admin page if you wish to use the default folder. Since
probably 99% of you guys won't actually move your wp-content folder (and there are many good reasons not to do so) I'm not too worried by this since the
few of you who do move it will easily be able to edit this setting since you are probably a more advanced WordPress user anyway.

2) Using the SEO title edit function and setting it to "Full Path" shows the actual image/gallery names, not their custom names, in the path displayed. This will be fixed in a point release later.